README.md, before:

# Wanderlust - Your Ultimate Travel Blog 🌍✈️

WanderLust is a simple MERN travel blog website ✈ This project is aimed to help people to contribute in open source, upskill in react and also master git.

![Preview Image](https://github.com/krishnaacharyaa/wanderlust/assets/116620586/17ba9da6-225f-481d-87c0-5d5a010a9538)

## [Figma Design File](https://www.figma.com/file/zqNcWGGKBo5Q2TwwVgR6G5/WanderLust--A-Travel-Blog-App?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=c4oCG8N1Fjf7pxTt-1)

## 🌟 Ready to Contribute?

Kindly go through [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/krishnaacharyaa/wanderlust/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand everything from setup to contributing guidelines.

## 💖 Show Your Support

If you find this project interesting and inspiring, please consider showing your support by starring it on GitHub! Your star goes a long way in helping me reach more developers and encourages me to keep enhancing the project.

🚀 Feel free to get in touch with me for any further queries or support, happy to help :)

Commit message:

chore: Updated README.md to include goal of the project

README.md, after:

# Wanderlust - Your Ultimate Travel Blog 🌍✈️

WanderLust is a simple MERN travel blog website ✈ This project is aimed to help people to contribute in open source, upskill in react and also master git.

![Preview Image](https://github.com/krishnaacharyaa/wanderlust/assets/116620586/17ba9da6-225f-481d-87c0-5d5a010a9538)

## [Figma Design File](https://www.figma.com/file/zqNcWGGKBo5Q2TwwVgR6G5/WanderLust--A-Travel-Blog-App?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=c4oCG8N1Fjf7pxTt-1)

## 🎯 Goal of this project
At its core, this project embodies two important aims:

1. **Start Your Open Source Journey**: It's aimed to kickstart your open-source journey. Here, you'll learn the basics of Git and get a solid grip on the MERN stack and I strongly believe that learning and building should go hand in hand.
2. **React Mastery**: Once you've got the basics down, a whole new adventure begins of mastering React. This project covers everything, from simple form validation to advanced performance enhancements. And I've planned much more cool stuff to add in the near future if the project hits more number of contributors.

_I'd love for you to make the most of this project - it's all about learning, helping, and growing in the open-source world._

## 🌟 Ready to Contribute?

Kindly go through [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/krishnaacharyaa/wanderlust/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand everything from setup to contributing guidelines.

## 💖 Show Your Support

If you find this project interesting and inspiring, please consider showing your support by starring it on GitHub! Your star goes a long way in helping me reach more developers and encourages me to keep enhancing the project.

🚀 Feel free to get in touch with me for any further queries or support, happy to help :)
